[BIRDS CAWING]
>> HERE IS NO WATER BUT ONLY
IRAQ.
ROCK AND NO WATER AND THE SANDY
ROAD.
THE ROAD WINDING ABOVE AMONG THE
MOUNTAINS.
WHICH ARE MOUNTAINS OF ROCK
WITHOUT WATER.
IF THERE WERE WATER, WE SHOULD
STOP AND DRINK.
AMONGST THE ROCK, ONE CANNOT
STOP OR THINK.
[SHOUTING]
THIS IS THE NEW TOYOTA
COMMERCIAL.
>> AH.
>> YOU DIDN'T HAVE YOUR SEAT
BELT ON.
>> THAT'S WHY I AM VERY SCARED.
>> "CHILLIN ISLAND."
THIS IS DAP.
HE'S ALREADY FORGOTTEN WHERE HE
IS AND WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
>> HOW DOES IT LOOK?
>> IT LOOKS PRETTY GOOD TO ME.
>> ...
ALEKSEY WHO HURT HIS LITTLE
FINGERS.
>> CAN I HAVE A CIGARETTE?
>> THIS IS ALEC, UNSCATHED AND
CONTENT.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU DID, ALEC.
>> I DON'T THINK THAT WAS MY
FAULT?
>> WHOSE FAULT WAS IT?
>> I'M NOT SURE.
I WAS SURPRISED NOBODY DIED.
I EXPECTED YOU TO BE DEAD RIGHT
NOW.
>> DO YOU THINK THIS THING
WORKS?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
DO THEY EXPLODE WHEN YOU DO THAT
AND YOU TURN IT ON?
>> MAY BE.
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS
THING.
THAT'S WHY WE FLIPPED OVER, I
GUESS.
WHO DO YOU THINK THAT IS, THE
POLICE?
>> IT'S LIKE THAT PART OF THE
MOVIE WHERE THE HELICOPTER, AND
THE GUY IS WAVING HIS ARMS CRAZY
AND IT DOESN'T STOP AND IT'S
REALLY SAD.
>> THE GUY JUST GIVES YOU A
THUMBS UP.
>> YEAH.
>> THIS IS YOUNG THUG.
THE CALL TO RESCUE THESE THREE
BUMBLING MEN.
>> WHAT UP?
[LAUGHTER]
HOW ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
ARE YOU OKAY?
>> HE HOPES TO MEET A FRIENDLY
SNAKE OR TWO ALONG THE WAY.
>> THAT SHIT.
>> SOME SEEK THRILLS.
SOME SEEK A MEANING OR A PURPOS
PURPOSE.
SOME SEEK A COMFORTABLE PLACE TO
SIT.
>> ARE YOU GUYS READY?
LET'S GO.
>> I CAN'T WALK TOO FAST BECAUSE
MY SHOES ARE BROKEN.
>> DO YOU WANT TO TRADE SHOES?
>> KIND OF.
>> FOR OUR ADVENTURERS IT MIGHT
BE A MIXED BAG BUT SURELY THEY
CAN ALL AGREE THEY WOULD LIKE TO
SIT DOWN.
>> WHATEVER THE PLACE WE ARE AT
IS CALLED, HAS ITS OWN RATTLER
IT'S EXTRA AGGRESSIVE AND WILL
CHASE YOU.
MOST SNAKES, YOU LEAVE THEM
ALONE, THEY LEAVE YOU ALONE.
BUT THIS ONE.
>> LEKS STAYED BEHIND TO CRY
ABOUT HIS WOUNDED HAND.
HE PLANS TO REEMERGE WITH A
DEATH-DEFYING STUNNED THAT WILL
PROVE TO EVERYONE HOW TOUGH HE
IS.
>> ARE YOU GOING TO DO IT?
YOU'RE GOING TO FALL ON YOUR
FACE.
>> MY HAND IS ALREADY FUCKED UP
AND SHIT.
IT HURTS.
>> YOU KNOW HOW PEOPLE GO OUT
INTO THE WILDERNESS AND THEY
YELL AS LOUD AS THEY CAN?
YOU EVER DONE THAT SHIT?
DOES IT ACTUALLY WORK?
>> PRIMAL SCREAM THERAPY NEEDS.
WHY DO 90% OF NEW YORKERS BE
SMART?
FIGURE BECAUSE HE KNOWS PRIMAL
SCREAM THERAPY?
>> BECAUSE HE KNOWS.
>> I CAN'T ADD TO THAT
CONVERSATION IF I AM LIKE YEAH.
YOU GUYS ARE ALL IDIOTS.
WE ARE VERY SMART.
I CAN'T DO THAT.
>> WHAT IS IT?
IS IT GOING TO GO?
>> COME ON.
[BOOS]
IF YOU ARE STANDING, YOU'D
PROBABLY BE FLYING.
>> SHUT UP.
>> THIS SUCKS.
>> IT'S A LITTLE BETTER.
>> HAVE YOU GOT A FAVORITE HAT
STYLE?
DIFFERENT HATS?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
[LAUGHTER]
>> WHAT THE FUCK?
>> THAT'S AN EAGLE?
>> WHAT IS THAT, FOOD?
>> IT'S DEAD MICE.
>> OFF THE EFFIGY -- THE LATIN
TERM FOR PREYING ON SNAKES.
ANIMALS THAT EAT SNAKES ARE
OPHIOLOGISTS.
>> WOULD YOU WANT A PREDATORY
BIRD?
>> PREDATORY.
>> I WOULD WANT A PRETTY COLORED
ONE.
>> OF COURSE THE WOULD.
>> DO YOU WANT TO TRY TO PLAY
WITH THIS BIRD?
>> I DON'T THINK BIRDS LIKE ME.
>> DO YOU LIKE YOUNG THUG?
>> IF YOU LIKE ME SAY AHHK-AHHK.
>> THAT'S A RESPONSE.
>> EIGHT TELLTALE SIGN THAT A
MAN IS A SNAKE IS WHEN HE IS
BULLIED BY BIRDS.
>> OH, NO.
>> DO YOU THINK YOU'D FEEL GOOD
IF YOU YELLED REALLY LOUD?
TRY PRIMAL SCREAM THERAPY?
>> ME?
[YELLING]
>> IS NOT REALLY AS LOUD AS YOU
CAN SCREAM, DO YOU THINK?
>> KNOWN.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO DO ALL THAT.
>> YOU GUYS EVER SEEN A
CAMOUFLAGE SCORPION?
>> I'M TRYING TO THINK, HAVE I?
>> CAMOUFLAGE SCORPION?
>> THEY CAN CAMOUFLAGE WITH
SAND.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE DESERT STORM.
>> CAN YOU.
>> IF I SAW ONE?
I WATCH DISCOVERY CHANNEL.
I KNOW A LOT ABOUT ANIMALS.
I WILL TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT
HEF.
YOU KNOW THEIR SHOULDER IS NOT
CONNECTED TO THEIR BODY.
THAT'S WHY THEY CAN RUN FAST.
>> CHEETAHS.
THEY HAVE THE SMALLEST HEARTS.
IF THEY RUN FOR 10 MINUTES THEY
CAN DIE.
MOST CHEETAHS DIE FROM OVER
RUNNING.
DID YOU KNOW HORSE SPERM CAN GET
A WOMAN PREGNANT?
>> HE WILL STOP AT NOTHING TO
PROVE HE IS FEARLESS.
>> NASTY.
WHAT THE FUCK?
NIGGA, WHAT THE FUCK NIGGA IS
YOU?
YOU'RE TRIPPING.
>> THIS IS LIKE THE BACK OF A
BUG.
WHAT ANIMAL WOULD YOU WANT TO BE
ABLE TO CONTROL TO MAKE DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT TO?
>> ME?
>> YEAH.
>> SNAKE.
>> A SNAKE.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO CONTROL ANTS.
YOUNG THUG'S HEART IS MANY TIMES
THE SIZE OF A CHEETAHS HEART.
BECAUSE OF THAT, HE HAS FRIENDS
EVERYWHERE AND CAN RUN FOR A
LONG TIME, EVEN IN THIS AREA AND
WASTELAND.
THIS PARTICULAR FRIEND HAS
BEFRIENDED A SMALL ARMY OF
SNAKES.
>> I SEE SNAKE HOLES EVERYWHERE.
I AM GOING TO DIE.
>> SHUT UP.
>> FUCK YOU.
YOU CAN'T PISS WHILE PEOPLE ARE
TALKING?
ARE YOU PISSING OR JUST HANGING
OUT?
>> I'M TRYING TO NOT LOOK AT
YOUR DICK OUT OF COURTESY.
>> FIRST TIME PISSING ON A BLACK
ROCK?
>> NEW LIFE EXPERIENCES.
>> HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
EVERYTHING?
>> THEY KNOW ME.
>> FRIENDS BEGET FRIENDS.
>> IF I CALLED BILLY BOY WOULD
YOU FIND IT TO BE PATRONIZING?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DOES PATRONIZING MEAN?
>> TALKING DOWN TO.
>> WOW.
I GUESS IT DEPENDS ON THE TONE.
WHEN I WAS YOUNG I USED TO GET
CALLED THAT.
>> BUT YOU DIDN'T LIKE IT.
>> ARE THERE ANY NICKNAME
SOMEONE WHO CALL YOU THAT WOULD
FEEL PATRONIZING OR UPSET YOU?
>> LONELY.
MR. LONELY.
>> NOWADAYS IT'S GOOD TO BE
LONELY.
>> DO YOU LIVE IN THIS VAN?
>> YOU ARE OUT HERE LIVING IN
THIS VAN?
>> YEAH.
>> I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE HIDING
SOMETHING FROM US.
>> SHIT.
LOOK AT THE TUPPERWARE IN THE
BACK.
THERE IS SNAKES AND THAT SHIT.
>> DO YOU WANT TO SEE?
>> YEAH.
>> WOW.
CAN I THROW IT?
>> DO YOU LIKE SNAKES?
>> YEAH.
>> DON'T DO THAT.
HE HAS COILED TO STRIKE.
>> MR. LONELY.
PAGING MR. LONELY.
>> DID YOU KNOW THAT ONCE UPON A
TIME SNAKES HAD LEGS?
>> WHAT'S THE THINKING WITH THE
LEGS?
>> GOD SENT EVE BACK TO KILL
ADAM AND CUT THE SNAKES LEGS
OFF.
>> THIS ONE HAS A FACE ON IT,
LIKE A HALLOWEEN FACE.
>> YEAH, OKAY.
>> IT'S A BOY?
>> I'M NOT SURE.
I THINK IT'S A GIRL.
>> I SAID, IT'S THE KIND OF
SNAKE?
THE EYES ARE THE SAME COLOR AS
THE SKIN.
THE EYES HAVE THE SAME PATTERN
AS THE SKIN.
THE EYES IS GREEN, AND BROWN
AND --
>> OH, YEAH.
>> I THINK HE WANTS TO BE THROWN
LIKE A FOOTBALL.
>> THIS ONE IS BEAUTIFUL.
I WANT TO KISS IT.
>> DO YOU KNOW IT'S CRAZY, THEY
SMELL WITH THEIR TONGUE?
>> IT SMELLS COOL.
>> WHAT DOES IT SMELL LIKE?
>> SAND.
>> WHAT THE FUCK?
>> OH, WOW.
IT'S PROBABLY WARM IN THERE.
>> I LIKE THIS ONE.
IT'S VERY SOFT.
I LOVE A GOOD POCKET SNAKE.
I AM ONLY A MAN TRYING TO HAVE A
GOOD TIME OUT HERE IN THE DESER
DESERT.
IT'S CRAZY HOW QUIET IT IS.
THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE TO
FUCK.
JUST FUCK HERE.
YOU'VE GOT TO STAND UP.
OR FIND A SMOOTH ROCK.
SOME OF THESE ROCKS ARE SMOOTH.
>> PEOPLE LIKE DIFFERENT STUFF.
>> CIGAR?
>> IS AT A PRETZEL?
>> CIGAR.
>> I'M NOT A SMOKER.
I'M DOING IT FOR YOU.
>> REALLY?
>> DO YOU THINK SNAKES ENJOY
BEING SNAKES?
>> THEY DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ELSE.
>> I DON'T ENJOY BEING A MAN SO
I FEEL A SNAKE COULD ALSO HATE
LIFE.
>> WHY DON'T YOU ENJOY BEING A
MAN?
>> SO MUCH SHIT.
>> YOU WANT TO BE A KID?
YOU DON'T WANT TO BE A PERSON?
>> I COULD BE SOMETHING ELSE.
>> WHAT WOULD YOU WANT TO BE?
>> A BIRD OR SOME SHIT.
>> I'D RATHER BE A GORILLA.
YOU ARE STILL HUMAN KIND OF.
A BIRD, NO ARMS.
I'D RATHER BE A GORILLA.
>> BEING A GORILLA, YOU CAN DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
>> YOU CAN STILL DO THE SAME
SHIT BUT THERE IS NO RULES.
>> HAVE YOU GOT ANY REAL KILLERS
IN THERE?
VENOM VOICE?
>> YOU DON'T WANT TO TOUCH
THOSE.
THEY MIGHT TRY TO KILL YOU.
>> WHAT'S YOUR PURPOSE FOR
HAVING THEM?
HARNESSING VERY DANGEROUS POWERS
SPIRITUALLY OR SOME SHIT LIKE
THAT?
>> WHAT'S THE MOST EXTENSIVE
SNAKE YOU'VE GOT.
>> THAT WAS HALF A MILLION
BUCKS.
>> I'VE GOT GOOD TASTE,
EXPENSIVE TASTE.
>> HOW MUCH ARE THEY NOW?
>> I CAN'T TALK ABOUT THAT.
>> IS HE LEAVING?
WHERE THE FUCK IS HE GOING?
IS HE LEAVING?
>> IT LOOKS THAT WAY.
>> IT'S A SINGLE-ENGINE ATTACK
HELICOPTER DEVELOPED AND
MANUFACTURED BY THE AMERICAN
ROTORCRAFT MANUFACTURER DELL
HELICOPTER.
IT WAS A MEMBER OF THE PROLIFIC
HUEY FAMILY.
IT'S ALSO REFERRED TO AS THE Q.
WEEK COBRA -- HUEY COBRA, OR
SNAKE.
>> DO YOU HAVE A LOT OF CRAZY
DREAMS?
YOU HAVE A LUCID DREAM?
YOU CONTROL WHAT'S HAPPENING?
>> YEAH.
>> WHAT'S AN EXAMPLE OF ONE?
>> I ALMOST KILLED SOMEBODY.
I DIDN'T DO IT.
>> BECAUSE YOU STOPPED YOURSELF
IN THE DREAM?
>> YEAH.
>> WHO WERE YOU ABOUT TO KILL?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY IF YOU
DON'T WANT TO.
>> IT WAS A PRICK.
IT WAS MY FRIEND.
IT WAS CRAZY.
>> YOU MUST'VE BEEN MAD AT HIM?
>> THEY SAY YOUR DREAMS ARE WHAT
YOU THINK ABOUT LAST.
>> YOU PROBABLY WENT TO BED,
LIKE, I WANT TO KILL YOU.
>> LET'S SEE IF THESE GUYS ARE
UP FOR THE EXTREMELY EASY TASK
OF STARTING A FIRE.
>> YOU COULD HAVE A BETTER
ATTITUDE.
HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
>> MY ATTITUDE IS THAT OF
SOMEONE WHO DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
>> WHITE PEOPLE SHIT.
>> ONLY WHITE PEOPLE NEED FIRE.
>> WHY?
>> IT STINKS.
[RETCHING]
>> I'VE GOT SOMETHING.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?
>> OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
>> GET MORE WOOD.
>> YOU NEVER WENT CAMPING AS A
KID?
>> NO.
>> ME NEITHER.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO SWIM
UNTIL I WAS 15.
>> I THINK YOU HAVE TO KIND OF A
DUMP TO GO CAMPING.
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?
>> I LIKE CAMPING.
>> YOU'RE DUMB, ABSOLUTELY.
>> I WOULD BE LIKE, I'M THE MAN.
>> DO WE HAVE ANY TYPE OF
PROTECTION?
IF SOMETHING WANTS TO RUN UPON
US NOW, ARE WE DEAD?
>> WE HAVE THE STORAGE.
WE HAVE THE TORCH.
>> ARE YOU HUNGRY?
DO YOU WANT BEEFARONI.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK RAP MUSIC
WILL SOUND LIKE IN 40 YEARS?
>> TESLA.
IT'S JUST GOING TO BE SOMEONE
SAYING TESLA OVER AND OVER
AGAIN.
>> IS GOING TO BE LIKE SOME
THING WE NEVER IMAGINED.
>> IT'S GOING TO BE QUIET?
>> SOMETHING WE NEVER IMAGINED,
LIKE A TESLA.
>> THAT IS THE SHIT THAT WORKS
WITH THE WATER.
>> SOMEBODY HAS BEEN TO MR E
SCHOOL.
>> THUG, YOU DON'T COOK?
>> DO I COOK?
OF COURSE NOT.
>> WHY NOT?
>> WHY THE FUCK IN MY COOKING?
>> SO I HAVE SOMETHING TO EAT.
>> I HAVE CHEFS.
>> IT'S COOKING.
>> I'M GOING TO TRY IT.
>> OH, MY GOD, IT TASTES SO
FUCKING GROSS.
WHAT IS THE BLACK STUFF?
IS THAT A LIZARD?
>> I HAVE A BUNCH OF DIFFERENT
KINDS BUT THEY CAN'T BE GOOD.
>> LET'S KEEP IT MOVING.
>> IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE CHICKEN.
IT'S GROSS.
>> LIKE HILLBILLIES OR FUCKING
CAVEMEN.
WHO EATS THIS TYPE OF FOOD?
>> THE ARMY AND THEN YOU SHIT
YOUR BRAINS OUT AND YOU DIE.
>> AS A CHILD, ALEC COLLECTED
JOE CAMEL MATCH BOOKS.
THE PRETENSE WAS HE LOVED ALL
THE VARIATIONS OF THE
ANTHROPOMORPHIC CAMEL.
>> THE FIRE IS GREEN.
>> THE TRUTH WAS HE WANTED TO
SET THINGS ON FIRE.
>> FIRE.
>> YOU NEVER SMOKED CIGARETTES
EVER?
YOU NEVER TRIED IT AS 18 OR
WHATEVER?
>> I GOT LOCKED UP.
>> ISN'T THAT A BIG THING?
PEOPLE SMOKE CIGARETTES IN JAIL.
>> YOU HAD TO STOP AND GET YOUR
FOOD.
CAN YOU LET ME OUT TO SMOKE?
HE PULLED OVER AND I'M ON THE
SIDE OF THE STREET HAVING A
CIGARETTE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN
MY LIFE.
I WILL DO ANYTHING TO GET OUT OF
THIS FUCKING CAR.
LOOK.
>> WHAT?
>> THAT WAS THE BEST ONE.
>> YOU STOLE A SNAKE?
>> OF COURSE.
>> THAT IS, LIKE, YIDDISH?
>> NEW YORK.
>> VERY YIDDISH.
WHAT COUNTRY IS THAT, LIKE.
>> LIKE YOU'VE GOT TO SPIT.
>> RUSSIANS.
HEBREW, EASTERN EUROPEAN.
THEY DO THE HUH SOUND.
>> I KNOW MORE ABOUT SNAKES THAN
BIRDS.
>> THE FEAR OF THE
UNPREDICTABLE?
>> THAT'S A BIG BIRD.
>> IT WAS A BIG BIRD.
IF THE BIRD FIGHT ME, I MIGHT
BITE HIM BACK.
>> WAS BIG BIRD ONE DUDE?
>> YEAH.
THE WHOLE TIME.
AND HE'S STILL LIVING.
>> NO, I MEAN IN THIS SUIT.
IT'S ONE GUY?
>> HOW IS IT SO BIG?
>> ONE GUY?
IT CAN'T BE TWO PEOPLE.
>> HOW DOES IT MOVE THE HEAD?
IT IS LIKE A 9-FOOT DUDE?
TALLER THAN THE DUDE.
>> YOU EVER SEEN A MASCOT?
A MASCOT LOOKS BIG AS FUCK.
HE PROBABLY HAD A THING.
IF YOU LOOK AT IT NOW, YOU CAN
TELL.
IT'S BULLSHIT.
YOU CAN LITERALLY SEE HIS BODY.
>> WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH
IT?
>> I'M GOING TO GIVE HIM ONE
BACK.
>> THAT'S GOOD.
SO YOU ARE AN ETHICAL FAITH?
>> WHAT DO THEY LOOK LIKE WHEN
THEY FUCK?
I'VE NEVER SEEN THAT ON TV.
>> THEY TWIST AROUND EACH OTHER.
>> ONE CRAWLS INTO THE OTHER AND
THEN YOU WAIT AND THEN THEY
EXPLODE INTO 20 SNAKES.
>> YIDDISH SNAKE?
SHE IS THE STAR OF THE SHOW.
>> HAVE YOU EVER NOTICED WE
DON'T SEE STARS THAT MUCH KNOW
MORE?
WHEN I WAS A KID, I SEEN A LOT
OF STARS.
DID YOU KNOW THERE WAS MORE
STARS THAN SAND?
LIKE A GRAIN OF SAND.
ONE PIECE OF SAND.
>> I BELIEVE IT.
>> IT'S CRAZY.
>> A SNAKE IN THE HAND IS WORTH
TWO ON THE MOON.
THERE IS A LESSER-KNOWN CREATION
MYTH WHEREIN A GIANT CLUSTER OF
SNAKES GRADUALLY DRIFTS APART,
FORMING WHAT WE NOW KNOW AS
CONTINENTS.
A SNAKE PANGAEA.
GOOD NIGHT, EVERYONE.
♪ ♪
[RATTLING]